before Israel's war on Gaza Abdul Rahman
Hassan afan's Cafe in Rafa used to serve
hot coffee and tea now it also acts as a
makeshift Cinema where displ
Palestinians come to watch their
favorite Ramadan series it's one of few
places in Rafa that has electricity and
internet I want to entertain our people
during the war time this Cafe is good
for the displaced people who come from
the north and from different parts of
the Gaza Strip the cafe which has two
big TVs and internet is mainly dependent
on solar energy the internet here helps
everyone to be in contact with their
loved ones Gaza is under an Israeli
Siege and the cafe is not just a place
for entertainment and hot
drinks people come in large numbers
after evening prayers to watch the news
they want to know about the peace talks
and the ceasefire
negotiations the humanitarian situation
in Rafa is D and many of the customers
who come to the cafe leave intents for
the
displaced I come here because I have no
other place to go I can stay here in K
time we come to watch TV and know the
news I can't make myself a cup of tea at
home because of the lack of gas and
sugar the situation as a whole is very
tough our life is very difficult for a
few hours a day aan says he does his
best to let customers escape the
realities of the war Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz